/**
 * Autogenerated by Avro
 *
 * DO NOT EDIT DIRECTLY
 */
package com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto;

import org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificData;
import org.apache.avro.message.BinaryMessageEncoder;
import org.apache.avro.message.BinaryMessageDecoder;
import org.apache.avro.message.SchemaStore;

@SuppressWarnings("all")
@org.apache.avro.specific.AvroGenerated
public class PlutusFinacleData extends org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificRecordBase implements org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificRecord {
  private static final long serialVersionUID = 4876414110591828502L;
  public static final org.apache.avro.Schema SCHEMA$ = new org.apache.avro.Schema.Parser().parse("{\"type\":\"record\",\"name\":\"PlutusFinacleData\",\"namespace\":\"com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto\",\"fields\":[{\"name\":\"foracid\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"acctName\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"lastTranDateCr\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranId\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"partTranSrlNum\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"delFlg\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranType\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranSubType\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"partTranType\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"glSubHeadCode\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"acid\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"valueDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranAmt\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"double\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranParticular\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"entryDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"pstdDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"refNum\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"instrmntType\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"instrmntDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"instrmntNum\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranRmks\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"custId\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"brCode\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"crncyCode\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"tranCrncyCode\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"refAmt\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"double\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"solId\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"bankCode\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"treaRefNum\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null},{\"name\":\"reversalDate\",\"type\":[\"null\",\"string\"],\"default\":null}]}");
  public static org.apache.avro.Schema getClassSchema() { return SCHEMA$; }

  private static SpecificData MODEL$ = new SpecificData();

  private static final BinaryMessageEncoder<PlutusFinacleData> ENCODER =
      new BinaryMessageEncoder<PlutusFinacleData>(MODEL$, SCHEMA$);

  private static final BinaryMessageDecoder<PlutusFinacleData> DECODER =
      new BinaryMessageDecoder<PlutusFinacleData>(MODEL$, SCHEMA$);

  /**
   * Return the BinaryMessageDecoder instance used by this class.
   */
  public static BinaryMessageDecoder<PlutusFinacleData> getDecoder() {
    return DECODER;
  }

  /**
   * Create a new BinaryMessageDecoder instance for this class that uses the specified {@link SchemaStore}.
   * @param resolver a {@link SchemaStore} used to find schemas by fingerprint
   */
  public static BinaryMessageDecoder<PlutusFinacleData> createDecoder(SchemaStore resolver) {
    return new BinaryMessageDecoder<PlutusFinacleData>(MODEL$, SCHEMA$, resolver);
  }

  /** Serializes this PlutusFinacleData to a ByteBuffer. */
  public java.nio.ByteBuffer toByteBuffer() throws java.io.IOException {
    return ENCODER.encode(this);
  }

  /** Deserializes a PlutusFinacleData from a ByteBuffer. */
  public static PlutusFinacleData fromByteBuffer(
      java.nio.ByteBuffer b) throws java.io.IOException {
    return DECODER.decode(b);
  }

  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence foracid;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence acctName;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence lastTranDateCr;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranDate;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranId;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence partTranSrlNum;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence delFlg;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranType;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranSubType;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence partTranType;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence glSubHeadCode;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence acid;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence valueDate;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.Double tranAmt;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranParticular;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence entryDate;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence pstdDate;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence refNum;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence instrmntType;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence instrmntDate;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence instrmntNum;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranRmks;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence custId;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence brCode;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence crncyCode;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence tranCrncyCode;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.Double refAmt;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence solId;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence bankCode;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence treaRefNum;
  @Deprecated public java.lang.CharSequence reversalDate;

  /**
   * Default constructor.  Note that this does not initialize fields
   * to their default values from the schema.  If that is desired then
   * one should use <code>newBuilder()</code>.
   */
  public PlutusFinacleData() {}

  /**
   * All-args constructor.
   * @param foracid The new value for foracid
   * @param acctName The new value for acctName
   * @param lastTranDateCr The new value for lastTranDateCr
   * @param tranDate The new value for tranDate
   * @param tranId The new value for tranId
   * @param partTranSrlNum The new value for partTranSrlNum
   * @param delFlg The new value for delFlg
   * @param tranType The new value for tranType
   * @param tranSubType The new value for tranSubType
   * @param partTranType The new value for partTranType
   * @param glSubHeadCode The new value for glSubHeadCode
   * @param acid The new value for acid
   * @param valueDate The new value for valueDate
   * @param tranAmt The new value for tranAmt
   * @param tranParticular The new value for tranParticular
   * @param entryDate The new value for entryDate
   * @param pstdDate The new value for pstdDate
   * @param refNum The new value for refNum
   * @param instrmntType The new value for instrmntType
   * @param instrmntDate The new value for instrmntDate
   * @param instrmntNum The new value for instrmntNum
   * @param tranRmks The new value for tranRmks
   * @param custId The new value for custId
   * @param brCode The new value for brCode
   * @param crncyCode The new value for crncyCode
   * @param tranCrncyCode The new value for tranCrncyCode
   * @param refAmt The new value for refAmt
   * @param solId The new value for solId
   * @param bankCode The new value for bankCode
   * @param treaRefNum The new value for treaRefNum
   * @param reversalDate The new value for reversalDate
   */
  public PlutusFinacleData(java.lang.CharSequence foracid, java.lang.CharSequence acctName, java.lang.CharSequence lastTranDateCr, java.lang.CharSequence tranDate, java.lang.CharSequence tranId, java.lang.CharSequence partTranSrlNum, java.lang.CharSequence delFlg, java.lang.CharSequence tranType, java.lang.CharSequence tranSubType, java.lang.CharSequence partTranType, java.lang.CharSequence glSubHeadCode, java.lang.CharSequence acid, java.lang.CharSequence valueDate, java.lang.Double tranAmt, java.lang.CharSequence tranParticular, java.lang.CharSequence entryDate, java.lang.CharSequence pstdDate, java.lang.CharSequence refNum, java.lang.CharSequence instrmntType, java.lang.CharSequence instrmntDate, java.lang.CharSequence instrmntNum, java.lang.CharSequence tranRmks, java.lang.CharSequence custId, java.lang.CharSequence brCode, java.lang.CharSequence crncyCode, java.lang.CharSequence tranCrncyCode, java.lang.Double refAmt, java.lang.CharSequence solId, java.lang.CharSequence bankCode, java.lang.CharSequence treaRefNum, java.lang.CharSequence reversalDate) {
    this.foracid = foracid;
    this.acctName = acctName;
    this.lastTranDateCr = lastTranDateCr;
    this.tranDate = tranDate;
    this.tranId = tranId;
    this.partTranSrlNum = partTranSrlNum;
    this.delFlg = delFlg;
    this.tranType = tranType;
    this.tranSubType = tranSubType;
    this.partTranType = partTranType;
    this.glSubHeadCode = glSubHeadCode;
    this.acid = acid;
    this.valueDate = valueDate;
    this.tranAmt = tranAmt;
    this.tranParticular = tranParticular;
    this.entryDate = entryDate;
    this.pstdDate = pstdDate;
    this.refNum = refNum;
    this.instrmntType = instrmntType;
    this.instrmntDate = instrmntDate;
    this.instrmntNum = instrmntNum;
    this.tranRmks = tranRmks;
    this.custId = custId;
    this.brCode = brCode;
    this.crncyCode = crncyCode;
    this.tranCrncyCode = tranCrncyCode;
    this.refAmt = refAmt;
    this.solId = solId;
    this.bankCode = bankCode;
    this.treaRefNum = treaRefNum;
    this.reversalDate = reversalDate;
  }

  public org.apache.avro.Schema getSchema() { return SCHEMA$; }
  // Used by DatumWriter.  Applications should not call.
  public java.lang.Object get(int field$) {
    switch (field$) {
    case 0: return foracid;
    case 1: return acctName;
    case 2: return lastTranDateCr;
    case 3: return tranDate;
    case 4: return tranId;
    case 5: return partTranSrlNum;
    case 6: return delFlg;
    case 7: return tranType;
    case 8: return tranSubType;
    case 9: return partTranType;
    case 10: return glSubHeadCode;
    case 11: return acid;
    case 12: return valueDate;
    case 13: return tranAmt;
    case 14: return tranParticular;
    case 15: return entryDate;
    case 16: return pstdDate;
    case 17: return refNum;
    case 18: return instrmntType;
    case 19: return instrmntDate;
    case 20: return instrmntNum;
    case 21: return tranRmks;
    case 22: return custId;
    case 23: return brCode;
    case 24: return crncyCode;
    case 25: return tranCrncyCode;
    case 26: return refAmt;
    case 27: return solId;
    case 28: return bankCode;
    case 29: return treaRefNum;
    case 30: return reversalDate;
    default: throw new org.apache.avro.AvroRuntimeException("Bad index");
    }
  }

  // Used by DatumReader.  Applications should not call.
  @SuppressWarnings(value="unchecked")
  public void put(int field$, java.lang.Object value$) {
    switch (field$) {
    case 0: foracid = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 1: acctName = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 2: lastTranDateCr = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 3: tranDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 4: tranId = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 5: partTranSrlNum = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 6: delFlg = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 7: tranType = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 8: tranSubType = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 9: partTranType = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 10: glSubHeadCode = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 11: acid = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 12: valueDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 13: tranAmt = (java.lang.Double)value$; break;
    case 14: tranParticular = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 15: entryDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 16: pstdDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 17: refNum = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 18: instrmntType = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 19: instrmntDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 20: instrmntNum = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 21: tranRmks = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 22: custId = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 23: brCode = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 24: crncyCode = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 25: tranCrncyCode = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 26: refAmt = (java.lang.Double)value$; break;
    case 27: solId = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 28: bankCode = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 29: treaRefNum = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    case 30: reversalDate = (java.lang.CharSequence)value$; break;
    default: throw new org.apache.avro.AvroRuntimeException("Bad index");
    }
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'foracid' field.
   * @return The value of the 'foracid' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getForacid() {
    return foracid;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'foracid' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setForacid(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.foracid = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'acctName' field.
   * @return The value of the 'acctName' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getAcctName() {
    return acctName;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'acctName' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setAcctName(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.acctName = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
   * @return The value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getLastTranDateCr() {
    return lastTranDateCr;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setLastTranDateCr(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.lastTranDateCr = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranDate() {
    return tranDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranId' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranId' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranId() {
    return tranId;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranId' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranId = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
   * @return The value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getPartTranSrlNum() {
    return partTranSrlNum;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setPartTranSrlNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.partTranSrlNum = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'delFlg' field.
   * @return The value of the 'delFlg' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getDelFlg() {
    return delFlg;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'delFlg' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setDelFlg(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.delFlg = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranType' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranType' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranType() {
    return tranType;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranType' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranType = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranSubType' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranSubType' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranSubType() {
    return tranSubType;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranSubType' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranSubType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranSubType = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'partTranType' field.
   * @return The value of the 'partTranType' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getPartTranType() {
    return partTranType;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'partTranType' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setPartTranType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.partTranType = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
   * @return The value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getGlSubHeadCode() {
    return glSubHeadCode;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setGlSubHeadCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.glSubHeadCode = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'acid' field.
   * @return The value of the 'acid' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getAcid() {
    return acid;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'acid' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setAcid(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.acid = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'valueDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'valueDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getValueDate() {
    return valueDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'valueDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setValueDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.valueDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranAmt' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranAmt' field.
   */
  public java.lang.Double getTranAmt() {
    return tranAmt;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranAmt' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranAmt(java.lang.Double value) {
    this.tranAmt = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranParticular' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranParticular' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranParticular() {
    return tranParticular;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranParticular' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranParticular(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranParticular = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'entryDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'entryDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getEntryDate() {
    return entryDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'entryDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setEntryDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.entryDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'pstdDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'pstdDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getPstdDate() {
    return pstdDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'pstdDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setPstdDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.pstdDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'refNum' field.
   * @return The value of the 'refNum' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getRefNum() {
    return refNum;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'refNum' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setRefNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.refNum = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'instrmntType' field.
   * @return The value of the 'instrmntType' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntType() {
    return instrmntType;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'instrmntType' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setInstrmntType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.instrmntType = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntDate() {
    return instrmntDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setInstrmntDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.instrmntDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
   * @return The value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntNum() {
    return instrmntNum;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setInstrmntNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.instrmntNum = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranRmks' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranRmks' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranRmks() {
    return tranRmks;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranRmks' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranRmks(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranRmks = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'custId' field.
   * @return The value of the 'custId' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getCustId() {
    return custId;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'custId' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setCustId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.custId = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'brCode' field.
   * @return The value of the 'brCode' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getBrCode() {
    return brCode;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'brCode' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setBrCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.brCode = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'crncyCode' field.
   * @return The value of the 'crncyCode' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getCrncyCode() {
    return crncyCode;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'crncyCode' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setCrncyCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.crncyCode = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
   * @return The value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTranCrncyCode() {
    return tranCrncyCode;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTranCrncyCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.tranCrncyCode = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'refAmt' field.
   * @return The value of the 'refAmt' field.
   */
  public java.lang.Double getRefAmt() {
    return refAmt;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'refAmt' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setRefAmt(java.lang.Double value) {
    this.refAmt = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'solId' field.
   * @return The value of the 'solId' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getSolId() {
    return solId;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'solId' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setSolId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.solId = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'bankCode' field.
   * @return The value of the 'bankCode' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getBankCode() {
    return bankCode;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'bankCode' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setBankCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.bankCode = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
   * @return The value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getTreaRefNum() {
    return treaRefNum;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setTreaRefNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.treaRefNum = value;
  }

  /**
   * Gets the value of the 'reversalDate' field.
   * @return The value of the 'reversalDate' field.
   */
  public java.lang.CharSequence getReversalDate() {
    return reversalDate;
  }

  /**
   * Sets the value of the 'reversalDate' field.
   * @param value the value to set.
   */
  public void setReversalDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
    this.reversalDate = value;
  }

  /**
   * Creates a new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder.
   * @return A new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder
   */
  public static com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder newBuilder() {
    return new com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder();
  }

  /**
   * Creates a new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder by copying an existing Builder.
   * @param other The existing builder to copy.
   * @return A new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder
   */
  public static com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder newBuilder(com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder other) {
    return new com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder(other);
  }

  /**
   * Creates a new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder by copying an existing PlutusFinacleData instance.
   * @param other The existing instance to copy.
   * @return A new PlutusFinacleData RecordBuilder
   */
  public static com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder newBuilder(com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData other) {
    return new com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder(other);
  }

  /**
   * RecordBuilder for PlutusFinacleData instances.
   */
  public static class Builder extends org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificRecordBuilderBase<PlutusFinacleData>
    implements org.apache.avro.data.RecordBuilder<PlutusFinacleData> {

    private java.lang.CharSequence foracid;
    private java.lang.CharSequence acctName;
    private java.lang.CharSequence lastTranDateCr;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranDate;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranId;
    private java.lang.CharSequence partTranSrlNum;
    private java.lang.CharSequence delFlg;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranType;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranSubType;
    private java.lang.CharSequence partTranType;
    private java.lang.CharSequence glSubHeadCode;
    private java.lang.CharSequence acid;
    private java.lang.CharSequence valueDate;
    private java.lang.Double tranAmt;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranParticular;
    private java.lang.CharSequence entryDate;
    private java.lang.CharSequence pstdDate;
    private java.lang.CharSequence refNum;
    private java.lang.CharSequence instrmntType;
    private java.lang.CharSequence instrmntDate;
    private java.lang.CharSequence instrmntNum;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranRmks;
    private java.lang.CharSequence custId;
    private java.lang.CharSequence brCode;
    private java.lang.CharSequence crncyCode;
    private java.lang.CharSequence tranCrncyCode;
    private java.lang.Double refAmt;
    private java.lang.CharSequence solId;
    private java.lang.CharSequence bankCode;
    private java.lang.CharSequence treaRefNum;
    private java.lang.CharSequence reversalDate;

    /** Creates a new Builder */
    private Builder() {
      super(SCHEMA$);
    }

    /**
     * Creates a Builder by copying an existing Builder.
     * @param other The existing Builder to copy.
     */
    private Builder(com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder other) {
      super(other);
      if (isValidValue(fields()[0], other.foracid)) {
        this.foracid = data().deepCopy(fields()[0].schema(), other.foracid);
        fieldSetFlags()[0] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[1], other.acctName)) {
        this.acctName = data().deepCopy(fields()[1].schema(), other.acctName);
        fieldSetFlags()[1] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[2], other.lastTranDateCr)) {
        this.lastTranDateCr = data().deepCopy(fields()[2].schema(), other.lastTranDateCr);
        fieldSetFlags()[2] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[3], other.tranDate)) {
        this.tranDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[3].schema(), other.tranDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[3] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[4], other.tranId)) {
        this.tranId = data().deepCopy(fields()[4].schema(), other.tranId);
        fieldSetFlags()[4] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[5], other.partTranSrlNum)) {
        this.partTranSrlNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[5].schema(), other.partTranSrlNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[5] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[6], other.delFlg)) {
        this.delFlg = data().deepCopy(fields()[6].schema(), other.delFlg);
        fieldSetFlags()[6] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[7], other.tranType)) {
        this.tranType = data().deepCopy(fields()[7].schema(), other.tranType);
        fieldSetFlags()[7] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[8], other.tranSubType)) {
        this.tranSubType = data().deepCopy(fields()[8].schema(), other.tranSubType);
        fieldSetFlags()[8] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[9], other.partTranType)) {
        this.partTranType = data().deepCopy(fields()[9].schema(), other.partTranType);
        fieldSetFlags()[9] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[10], other.glSubHeadCode)) {
        this.glSubHeadCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[10].schema(), other.glSubHeadCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[10] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[11], other.acid)) {
        this.acid = data().deepCopy(fields()[11].schema(), other.acid);
        fieldSetFlags()[11] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[12], other.valueDate)) {
        this.valueDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[12].schema(), other.valueDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[12] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[13], other.tranAmt)) {
        this.tranAmt = data().deepCopy(fields()[13].schema(), other.tranAmt);
        fieldSetFlags()[13] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[14], other.tranParticular)) {
        this.tranParticular = data().deepCopy(fields()[14].schema(), other.tranParticular);
        fieldSetFlags()[14] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[15], other.entryDate)) {
        this.entryDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[15].schema(), other.entryDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[15] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[16], other.pstdDate)) {
        this.pstdDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[16].schema(), other.pstdDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[16] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[17], other.refNum)) {
        this.refNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[17].schema(), other.refNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[17] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[18], other.instrmntType)) {
        this.instrmntType = data().deepCopy(fields()[18].schema(), other.instrmntType);
        fieldSetFlags()[18] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[19], other.instrmntDate)) {
        this.instrmntDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[19].schema(), other.instrmntDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[19] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[20], other.instrmntNum)) {
        this.instrmntNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[20].schema(), other.instrmntNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[20] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[21], other.tranRmks)) {
        this.tranRmks = data().deepCopy(fields()[21].schema(), other.tranRmks);
        fieldSetFlags()[21] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[22], other.custId)) {
        this.custId = data().deepCopy(fields()[22].schema(), other.custId);
        fieldSetFlags()[22] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[23], other.brCode)) {
        this.brCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[23].schema(), other.brCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[23] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[24], other.crncyCode)) {
        this.crncyCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[24].schema(), other.crncyCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[24] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[25], other.tranCrncyCode)) {
        this.tranCrncyCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[25].schema(), other.tranCrncyCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[25] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[26], other.refAmt)) {
        this.refAmt = data().deepCopy(fields()[26].schema(), other.refAmt);
        fieldSetFlags()[26] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[27], other.solId)) {
        this.solId = data().deepCopy(fields()[27].schema(), other.solId);
        fieldSetFlags()[27] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[28], other.bankCode)) {
        this.bankCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[28].schema(), other.bankCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[28] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[29], other.treaRefNum)) {
        this.treaRefNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[29].schema(), other.treaRefNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[29] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[30], other.reversalDate)) {
        this.reversalDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[30].schema(), other.reversalDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[30] = true;
      }
    }

    /**
     * Creates a Builder by copying an existing PlutusFinacleData instance
     * @param other The existing instance to copy.
     */
    private Builder(com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData other) {
            super(SCHEMA$);
      if (isValidValue(fields()[0], other.foracid)) {
        this.foracid = data().deepCopy(fields()[0].schema(), other.foracid);
        fieldSetFlags()[0] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[1], other.acctName)) {
        this.acctName = data().deepCopy(fields()[1].schema(), other.acctName);
        fieldSetFlags()[1] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[2], other.lastTranDateCr)) {
        this.lastTranDateCr = data().deepCopy(fields()[2].schema(), other.lastTranDateCr);
        fieldSetFlags()[2] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[3], other.tranDate)) {
        this.tranDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[3].schema(), other.tranDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[3] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[4], other.tranId)) {
        this.tranId = data().deepCopy(fields()[4].schema(), other.tranId);
        fieldSetFlags()[4] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[5], other.partTranSrlNum)) {
        this.partTranSrlNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[5].schema(), other.partTranSrlNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[5] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[6], other.delFlg)) {
        this.delFlg = data().deepCopy(fields()[6].schema(), other.delFlg);
        fieldSetFlags()[6] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[7], other.tranType)) {
        this.tranType = data().deepCopy(fields()[7].schema(), other.tranType);
        fieldSetFlags()[7] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[8], other.tranSubType)) {
        this.tranSubType = data().deepCopy(fields()[8].schema(), other.tranSubType);
        fieldSetFlags()[8] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[9], other.partTranType)) {
        this.partTranType = data().deepCopy(fields()[9].schema(), other.partTranType);
        fieldSetFlags()[9] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[10], other.glSubHeadCode)) {
        this.glSubHeadCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[10].schema(), other.glSubHeadCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[10] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[11], other.acid)) {
        this.acid = data().deepCopy(fields()[11].schema(), other.acid);
        fieldSetFlags()[11] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[12], other.valueDate)) {
        this.valueDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[12].schema(), other.valueDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[12] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[13], other.tranAmt)) {
        this.tranAmt = data().deepCopy(fields()[13].schema(), other.tranAmt);
        fieldSetFlags()[13] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[14], other.tranParticular)) {
        this.tranParticular = data().deepCopy(fields()[14].schema(), other.tranParticular);
        fieldSetFlags()[14] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[15], other.entryDate)) {
        this.entryDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[15].schema(), other.entryDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[15] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[16], other.pstdDate)) {
        this.pstdDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[16].schema(), other.pstdDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[16] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[17], other.refNum)) {
        this.refNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[17].schema(), other.refNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[17] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[18], other.instrmntType)) {
        this.instrmntType = data().deepCopy(fields()[18].schema(), other.instrmntType);
        fieldSetFlags()[18] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[19], other.instrmntDate)) {
        this.instrmntDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[19].schema(), other.instrmntDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[19] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[20], other.instrmntNum)) {
        this.instrmntNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[20].schema(), other.instrmntNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[20] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[21], other.tranRmks)) {
        this.tranRmks = data().deepCopy(fields()[21].schema(), other.tranRmks);
        fieldSetFlags()[21] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[22], other.custId)) {
        this.custId = data().deepCopy(fields()[22].schema(), other.custId);
        fieldSetFlags()[22] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[23], other.brCode)) {
        this.brCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[23].schema(), other.brCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[23] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[24], other.crncyCode)) {
        this.crncyCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[24].schema(), other.crncyCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[24] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[25], other.tranCrncyCode)) {
        this.tranCrncyCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[25].schema(), other.tranCrncyCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[25] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[26], other.refAmt)) {
        this.refAmt = data().deepCopy(fields()[26].schema(), other.refAmt);
        fieldSetFlags()[26] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[27], other.solId)) {
        this.solId = data().deepCopy(fields()[27].schema(), other.solId);
        fieldSetFlags()[27] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[28], other.bankCode)) {
        this.bankCode = data().deepCopy(fields()[28].schema(), other.bankCode);
        fieldSetFlags()[28] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[29], other.treaRefNum)) {
        this.treaRefNum = data().deepCopy(fields()[29].schema(), other.treaRefNum);
        fieldSetFlags()[29] = true;
      }
      if (isValidValue(fields()[30], other.reversalDate)) {
        this.reversalDate = data().deepCopy(fields()[30].schema(), other.reversalDate);
        fieldSetFlags()[30] = true;
      }
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'foracid' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getForacid() {
      return foracid;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'foracid' field.
      * @param value The value of 'foracid'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setForacid(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[0], value);
      this.foracid = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[0] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'foracid' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'foracid' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasForacid() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[0];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'foracid' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearForacid() {
      foracid = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[0] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'acctName' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getAcctName() {
      return acctName;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'acctName' field.
      * @param value The value of 'acctName'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setAcctName(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[1], value);
      this.acctName = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[1] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'acctName' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'acctName' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasAcctName() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[1];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'acctName' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearAcctName() {
      acctName = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[1] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getLastTranDateCr() {
      return lastTranDateCr;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
      * @param value The value of 'lastTranDateCr'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setLastTranDateCr(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[2], value);
      this.lastTranDateCr = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[2] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'lastTranDateCr' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'lastTranDateCr' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasLastTranDateCr() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[2];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'lastTranDateCr' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearLastTranDateCr() {
      lastTranDateCr = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[2] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranDate() {
      return tranDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[3], value);
      this.tranDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[3] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[3];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranDate() {
      tranDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[3] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranId' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranId() {
      return tranId;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranId' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranId'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[4], value);
      this.tranId = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[4] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranId' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranId' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranId() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[4];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranId' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranId() {
      tranId = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[4] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getPartTranSrlNum() {
      return partTranSrlNum;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
      * @param value The value of 'partTranSrlNum'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setPartTranSrlNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[5], value);
      this.partTranSrlNum = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[5] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'partTranSrlNum' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'partTranSrlNum' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasPartTranSrlNum() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[5];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'partTranSrlNum' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearPartTranSrlNum() {
      partTranSrlNum = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[5] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'delFlg' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getDelFlg() {
      return delFlg;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'delFlg' field.
      * @param value The value of 'delFlg'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setDelFlg(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[6], value);
      this.delFlg = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[6] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'delFlg' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'delFlg' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasDelFlg() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[6];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'delFlg' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearDelFlg() {
      delFlg = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[6] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranType' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranType() {
      return tranType;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranType' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranType'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[7], value);
      this.tranType = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[7] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranType' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranType' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranType() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[7];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranType' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranType() {
      tranType = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[7] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranSubType' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranSubType() {
      return tranSubType;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranSubType' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranSubType'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranSubType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[8], value);
      this.tranSubType = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[8] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranSubType' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranSubType' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranSubType() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[8];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranSubType' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranSubType() {
      tranSubType = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[8] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'partTranType' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getPartTranType() {
      return partTranType;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'partTranType' field.
      * @param value The value of 'partTranType'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setPartTranType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[9], value);
      this.partTranType = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[9] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'partTranType' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'partTranType' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasPartTranType() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[9];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'partTranType' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearPartTranType() {
      partTranType = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[9] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getGlSubHeadCode() {
      return glSubHeadCode;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
      * @param value The value of 'glSubHeadCode'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setGlSubHeadCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[10], value);
      this.glSubHeadCode = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[10] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'glSubHeadCode' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'glSubHeadCode' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasGlSubHeadCode() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[10];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'glSubHeadCode' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearGlSubHeadCode() {
      glSubHeadCode = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[10] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'acid' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getAcid() {
      return acid;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'acid' field.
      * @param value The value of 'acid'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setAcid(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[11], value);
      this.acid = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[11] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'acid' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'acid' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasAcid() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[11];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'acid' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearAcid() {
      acid = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[11] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'valueDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getValueDate() {
      return valueDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'valueDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'valueDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setValueDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[12], value);
      this.valueDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[12] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'valueDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'valueDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasValueDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[12];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'valueDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearValueDate() {
      valueDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[12] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranAmt' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.Double getTranAmt() {
      return tranAmt;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranAmt' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranAmt'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranAmt(java.lang.Double value) {
      validate(fields()[13], value);
      this.tranAmt = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[13] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranAmt' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranAmt' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranAmt() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[13];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranAmt' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranAmt() {
      tranAmt = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[13] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranParticular' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranParticular() {
      return tranParticular;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranParticular' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranParticular'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranParticular(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[14], value);
      this.tranParticular = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[14] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranParticular' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranParticular' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranParticular() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[14];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranParticular' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranParticular() {
      tranParticular = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[14] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'entryDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getEntryDate() {
      return entryDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'entryDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'entryDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setEntryDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[15], value);
      this.entryDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[15] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'entryDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'entryDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasEntryDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[15];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'entryDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearEntryDate() {
      entryDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[15] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'pstdDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getPstdDate() {
      return pstdDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'pstdDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'pstdDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setPstdDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[16], value);
      this.pstdDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[16] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'pstdDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'pstdDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasPstdDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[16];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'pstdDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearPstdDate() {
      pstdDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[16] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'refNum' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getRefNum() {
      return refNum;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'refNum' field.
      * @param value The value of 'refNum'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setRefNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[17], value);
      this.refNum = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[17] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'refNum' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'refNum' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasRefNum() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[17];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'refNum' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearRefNum() {
      refNum = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[17] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'instrmntType' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntType() {
      return instrmntType;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'instrmntType' field.
      * @param value The value of 'instrmntType'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setInstrmntType(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[18], value);
      this.instrmntType = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[18] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'instrmntType' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'instrmntType' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasInstrmntType() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[18];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'instrmntType' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearInstrmntType() {
      instrmntType = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[18] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntDate() {
      return instrmntDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'instrmntDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setInstrmntDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[19], value);
      this.instrmntDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[19] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'instrmntDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'instrmntDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasInstrmntDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[19];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'instrmntDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearInstrmntDate() {
      instrmntDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[19] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getInstrmntNum() {
      return instrmntNum;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
      * @param value The value of 'instrmntNum'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setInstrmntNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[20], value);
      this.instrmntNum = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[20] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'instrmntNum' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'instrmntNum' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasInstrmntNum() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[20];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'instrmntNum' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearInstrmntNum() {
      instrmntNum = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[20] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranRmks' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranRmks() {
      return tranRmks;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranRmks' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranRmks'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranRmks(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[21], value);
      this.tranRmks = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[21] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranRmks' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranRmks' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranRmks() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[21];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranRmks' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranRmks() {
      tranRmks = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[21] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'custId' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getCustId() {
      return custId;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'custId' field.
      * @param value The value of 'custId'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setCustId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[22], value);
      this.custId = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[22] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'custId' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'custId' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasCustId() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[22];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'custId' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearCustId() {
      custId = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[22] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'brCode' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getBrCode() {
      return brCode;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'brCode' field.
      * @param value The value of 'brCode'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setBrCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[23], value);
      this.brCode = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[23] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'brCode' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'brCode' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasBrCode() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[23];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'brCode' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearBrCode() {
      brCode = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[23] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'crncyCode' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getCrncyCode() {
      return crncyCode;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'crncyCode' field.
      * @param value The value of 'crncyCode'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setCrncyCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[24], value);
      this.crncyCode = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[24] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'crncyCode' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'crncyCode' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasCrncyCode() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[24];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'crncyCode' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearCrncyCode() {
      crncyCode = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[24] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTranCrncyCode() {
      return tranCrncyCode;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
      * @param value The value of 'tranCrncyCode'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTranCrncyCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[25], value);
      this.tranCrncyCode = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[25] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'tranCrncyCode' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'tranCrncyCode' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTranCrncyCode() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[25];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'tranCrncyCode' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTranCrncyCode() {
      tranCrncyCode = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[25] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'refAmt' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.Double getRefAmt() {
      return refAmt;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'refAmt' field.
      * @param value The value of 'refAmt'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setRefAmt(java.lang.Double value) {
      validate(fields()[26], value);
      this.refAmt = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[26] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'refAmt' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'refAmt' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasRefAmt() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[26];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'refAmt' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearRefAmt() {
      refAmt = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[26] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'solId' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getSolId() {
      return solId;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'solId' field.
      * @param value The value of 'solId'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setSolId(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[27], value);
      this.solId = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[27] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'solId' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'solId' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasSolId() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[27];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'solId' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearSolId() {
      solId = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[27] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'bankCode' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getBankCode() {
      return bankCode;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'bankCode' field.
      * @param value The value of 'bankCode'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setBankCode(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[28], value);
      this.bankCode = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[28] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'bankCode' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'bankCode' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasBankCode() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[28];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'bankCode' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearBankCode() {
      bankCode = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[28] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getTreaRefNum() {
      return treaRefNum;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
      * @param value The value of 'treaRefNum'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setTreaRefNum(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[29], value);
      this.treaRefNum = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[29] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'treaRefNum' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'treaRefNum' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasTreaRefNum() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[29];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'treaRefNum' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearTreaRefNum() {
      treaRefNum = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[29] = false;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Gets the value of the 'reversalDate' field.
      * @return The value.
      */
    public java.lang.CharSequence getReversalDate() {
      return reversalDate;
    }

    /**
      * Sets the value of the 'reversalDate' field.
      * @param value The value of 'reversalDate'.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder setReversalDate(java.lang.CharSequence value) {
      validate(fields()[30], value);
      this.reversalDate = value;
      fieldSetFlags()[30] = true;
      return this;
    }

    /**
      * Checks whether the 'reversalDate' field has been set.
      * @return True if the 'reversalDate' field has been set, false otherwise.
      */
    public boolean hasReversalDate() {
      return fieldSetFlags()[30];
    }


    /**
      * Clears the value of the 'reversalDate' field.
      * @return This builder.
      */
    public com.kotak.orchestrator.orchestrator.dto.PlutusFinacleData.Builder clearReversalDate() {
      reversalDate = null;
      fieldSetFlags()[30] = false;
      return this;
    }

    @Override
    @SuppressWarnings("unchecked")
    public PlutusFinacleData build() {
      try {
        PlutusFinacleData record = new PlutusFinacleData();
        record.foracid = fieldSetFlags()[0] ? this.foracid : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[0]);
        record.acctName = fieldSetFlags()[1] ? this.acctName : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[1]);
        record.lastTranDateCr = fieldSetFlags()[2] ? this.lastTranDateCr : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[2]);
        record.tranDate = fieldSetFlags()[3] ? this.tranDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[3]);
        record.tranId = fieldSetFlags()[4] ? this.tranId : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[4]);
        record.partTranSrlNum = fieldSetFlags()[5] ? this.partTranSrlNum : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[5]);
        record.delFlg = fieldSetFlags()[6] ? this.delFlg : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[6]);
        record.tranType = fieldSetFlags()[7] ? this.tranType : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[7]);
        record.tranSubType = fieldSetFlags()[8] ? this.tranSubType : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[8]);
        record.partTranType = fieldSetFlags()[9] ? this.partTranType : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[9]);
        record.glSubHeadCode = fieldSetFlags()[10] ? this.glSubHeadCode : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[10]);
        record.acid = fieldSetFlags()[11] ? this.acid : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[11]);
        record.valueDate = fieldSetFlags()[12] ? this.valueDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[12]);
        record.tranAmt = fieldSetFlags()[13] ? this.tranAmt : (java.lang.Double) defaultValue(fields()[13]);
        record.tranParticular = fieldSetFlags()[14] ? this.tranParticular : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[14]);
        record.entryDate = fieldSetFlags()[15] ? this.entryDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[15]);
        record.pstdDate = fieldSetFlags()[16] ? this.pstdDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[16]);
        record.refNum = fieldSetFlags()[17] ? this.refNum : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[17]);
        record.instrmntType = fieldSetFlags()[18] ? this.instrmntType : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[18]);
        record.instrmntDate = fieldSetFlags()[19] ? this.instrmntDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[19]);
        record.instrmntNum = fieldSetFlags()[20] ? this.instrmntNum : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[20]);
        record.tranRmks = fieldSetFlags()[21] ? this.tranRmks : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[21]);
        record.custId = fieldSetFlags()[22] ? this.custId : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[22]);
        record.brCode = fieldSetFlags()[23] ? this.brCode : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[23]);
        record.crncyCode = fieldSetFlags()[24] ? this.crncyCode : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[24]);
        record.tranCrncyCode = fieldSetFlags()[25] ? this.tranCrncyCode : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[25]);
        record.refAmt = fieldSetFlags()[26] ? this.refAmt : (java.lang.Double) defaultValue(fields()[26]);
        record.solId = fieldSetFlags()[27] ? this.solId : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[27]);
        record.bankCode = fieldSetFlags()[28] ? this.bankCode : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[28]);
        record.treaRefNum = fieldSetFlags()[29] ? this.treaRefNum : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[29]);
        record.reversalDate = fieldSetFlags()[30] ? this.reversalDate : (java.lang.CharSequence) defaultValue(fields()[30]);
        return record;
      } catch (java.lang.Exception e) {
        throw new org.apache.avro.AvroRuntimeException(e);
      }
    }
  }

  @SuppressWarnings("unchecked")
  private static final org.apache.avro.io.DatumWriter<PlutusFinacleData>
    WRITER$ = (org.apache.avro.io.DatumWriter<PlutusFinacleData>)MODEL$.createDatumWriter(SCHEMA$);

  @Override public void writeExternal(java.io.ObjectOutput out)
    throws java.io.IOException {
    WRITER$.write(this, SpecificData.getEncoder(out));
  }

  @SuppressWarnings("unchecked")
  private static final org.apache.avro.io.DatumReader<PlutusFinacleData>
    READER$ = (org.apache.avro.io.DatumReader<PlutusFinacleData>)MODEL$.createDatumReader(SCHEMA$);

  @Override public void readExternal(java.io.ObjectInput in)
    throws java.io.IOException {
    READER$.read(this, SpecificData.getDecoder(in));
  }

}
